Align oauth documentation for to the delegated auth mode (#1199)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/extensions/proc_authenticating-with-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che.adoc

OpenShift Connector offers the following methods for logging in to the OpenShift Cluster from the {prod-short} instance:

> * Using the notification that asks to login to the openshift cluster where {prod-short} is deployed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using the notification that asks to log in to the OpenShift cluster where {prod-short} is deployed to.
```

* A running instance of {prod-short}. To install an instance of {prod-short}, see link:{site-baseurl}che-7/che-quick-starts/[{prod-short} quick-starts].
* A {prod-short} workspace has been created.
* The OpenShift Connector plug-in is installed.

> * The OpenShift oauth provider is configured (only for the auto-login to the openshift cluster where {prod-short} is deployed, see link:{site-baseurl}/che-7/configuring-openshift-oauth/[Configuring OpenShift OAuth]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The OpenShift OAuth provider is configured (only for the auto-login to the OpenShift cluster where {prod-short} is deployed. See link:{site-baseurl}/che-7/configuring-openshift-oauth/[Configuring OpenShift OAuth]).
```
